hey guys explanation pros here today
i'll explain a horror fantasy film
titled goosebumps spoilers incoming the
film opens with a mother and son from
new york moving to madison delaware the
mother gail is taking a job as vice
principal in this small town while zach
has no choice but to follow where his
mother will work after being welcomed by
his aunt lorraine in their house zach
unloads the boxes from the car while
taking the boxes to the house zach meets
his new neighbor hannah and briefly
talks with her after that hannah's
father appears telling zach to stay away
inside the house zach tells her mom and
aunt about the rude neighbor zach
immediately goes to his room to watch a
camera recording of his and his father's
time together in the next scene gail
delivers her son to the new school zack
tells her that she should at least give
him a minute to walk off so that the
other kids will not see him related to
the vice principal
afterwards the students gather in the
gym to meet the new vice principal after
sitting beside him champ called chump by
his crush introduces himself to zack
later that day hannah talks to zach
while he is throwing away garbage zach
tells her that he has not seen her at
school and hannah replies that she's
homeschooled hannah then invites zach to
follow her leading him to an abandoned
amusement park deep inside the woods
upon lighting the whole place up hannah
and zach climbed in a moving ferry's
wheel to sit on one of its compartments
they then bond together while atop the
ferry's wheel
afterwards they go home with zach
thanking hannah for the experience
however hannah's father reappears again
to warn zak to stay away from them the
same night while he is studying zach
overhears hannah arguing with her father
after the argument seems to have turned
for the worse zach immediately rushes to
the house next door to come rescue
hannah however upon opening the door
hannah's father tells zach that there
was no scream immediately closing it
after
zach then heads to his mother telling
gail that hannah might be in trouble but
gail is more concerned about who hannah
is zak then calls the police on his
mother's phone
afterward the police arrive at hannah's
residence for a possible domestic
disturbance hannah's father tells them
an excuse and the police accept this
they are about to leave when they hear a
scream hannah's father reveals that he's
just watching a movie with surround
sounds however zack insists that hannah
is in trouble to which the police decide
to take him out of the house gail
reprimands zack for filing a false
report while the police think that zach
is on drugs a furious zack leaves the
scene
later on gail has to leave zach at the
house because she has to supervise the
school's dance which is why aunt
lorraine comes back to watch zach while
lorraine is talking zach is fuming about
what happened earlier however he sees
the silhouettes of hannah and her father
proving that hannah is indeed at the
house because of this zach tells his
aunt not to disturb him because he will
study all night in his room he is
actually escaping to talk to jam champ
is on his way to the dance when he gets
stopped by zack who tells champ to
follow him after following champ gets
disappointed that there are no girls and
zack tells him that he needs help
rescuing one in a psychopath's house he
then tells chant that he called hannah's
father to go to the police station after
seeing hannah's father leave in a car
the two proceed to break into the
basement of the unguarded house zach
enters alone because champ is supposed
to be on the lookout however champ
follows zach because he's scared of
being alone outside after zach lectures
champ that he's not going to die they
noticed that the basement is full of
bear traps
after safely maneuvering through the
bear traps the two proceeded to enter
the house's dining room they then
climbed the stairs to the second floor
heading straight to the dark room where
hannah is supposed to be after hearing a
noise they stumble upon a collection of
locked goosebumps books with champ
insisting on opening it just then hannah
comes swinging at them with a baseball
bat hannah asks if they have opened a
book and zach replies yes taking the
unlocked book however hannah shouts not
to open it but it still gets opened upon
opening it the book summons the creature
within it the abominable snowman of
pasadena at first the monster explores
the objects in the house but champ
accidentally knocks over a lamp turning
the monster's attention towards him
champ screams while the monster rushes
at him but champ gets saved by zack the
monster comes following out of the house
hannah and zach and champ follow the
monster meanwhile another book gets
unlocked despite champ's protest that it
is dangerous zack still follows hannah
zak and champ follow her to an ice rink
where they see hannah standing in the
middle of it with the book after the
monster emerges from above hannah
unlocks the book alarming the monster
the monster manages to swipe the book
away after zak successfully secures the
book away from the monster they run
again but they manage to knock the
monster down by closing the door at it
but like the undertaker it quickly
regains consciousness the monster
desperately tries to reach them
destroying the glass that separates it
from the gang just as the monster is
about to reach them it turns to wink
showing that hannah's father is behind
the monster with an open book
the monster then gets sucked into the
book after this hannah's father shouts
at them to get in his car
inside the car hannah's father
reiterates his warning to zack telling
him that he could have at least chosen
another much easier book zack then
realizes that he is r.l stein the order
of the goosebump books but stein denies
this zack then monk stein's writing that
he's a tryhard stefan king this comet
anger stein telling him that it's the
other way around but because of this he
just outright admitted that he is indeed
r.l stein after getting to their house
stein tells them to forget about what
happened telling his daughter afterward
to start packing because they're moving
again zach and champ sneak inside the
house again with zach confronting stein
to explain how something like this is
happening due to bullying he created his
creatures as his friends when he was
just a child however the monsters
inadvertently became real
when the father and daughter climb to
the room of the disheveled goosebump
books they find one book open the
creature released is slappy the dummy a
creepy ventriloquist doll sloppy ass
stein what they should do but upon
realizing that stein wants to pull him
back to his book slappy gets angry
because of this slappy burns the book
where he came from and escapes taking
all of stein's book with him slappy then
opens and subsequently burns two books
one of the books summons living gnomes
the creepy gnomes then attack stein and
the kids from all sides while they
defeat the gnomes immediately by
shattering them the gnomes became whole
again after getting broken stein and the
kids head to the basement and then
outside locking the gnomes inside the
house they then see that sloppy burns
the box after opening them making them
impossible to return slappy is releasing
monsters left and right while driving
hastily through the town
slappy then stops by the police station
to freeze the police officers with mr
freeze looking creatures stein and the
kids drive through the destroyed town
zach tells stein to write a single
manuscript to capture all the creatures
stein then tells him that he needs a
special typewriter he then tells zach
that is stored in the local school
meanwhile the students at the school are
having a party in the next scene the
gang heads to the school while
discussing the lack of signal they get
briefly attacked by the invisible boy
before stein manages to leave it behind
however afterwards they encounter
another monster a giant mantis the
mantis chases them through the town they
then reach a supermarket but their car
accidentally flips over luckily they
escape to the supermarket before the
mantis dismantles the vehicle hannah
then tells zach that they can reach the
school by cutting through the cemetery
after knowing that hannah sneaks in
every night stein grounds her they then
keep moving with champ taking a bottle
of soda they then encounter a wolf man
but it gets alarmed when champ opens up
his soda the gang splits up to escape
the wolf man stein attempts to hide his
scent by putting a ludicrous amount of
body spray but he still stinks the gang
manages to get outside of the
supermarket but they eventually get
cornered by the wolf man just as the
wolf man is approaching them it gets hit
by aunt lorraine's car stein momentarily
thanks lorraine for saving them at the
same time an attraction forms between
them the gang then head to the cemetery
in the cemetery stein asks champ's name
and champ replies that it's short for
champion on the other hand zach and
lorraine flirt around as they are about
to kiss lorraine suddenly glows under
the full moon confusing zach however
this gets cut short when ghouls start
appearing from everywhere luckily they
escape meanwhile lorraine gets frozen in
the police station zack pulls stein
aside upon reaching the school asking
him if hannah doesn't know she's real
steinden says that hannah is real to him
as she eases stein's loneliness in the
world shortly after hannah arrives to
tell her father that they found his
typewriter stein then separates from the
group to find some place to write the
three on the other hand will attempt to
warn the partying students zack meets
gail asking her to tell the students to
barricade the school champ gets a hold
of the microphone and passes it to zack
zack then tells the audience that
monsters have invaded them but he gets
mocked by a student the same student
however gets pulled by the mantis from
earlier outside slappy watches the
destruction unfold while the gnomes open
every book in an attempt to buy signs
from time to write the students
barricade each exit the summoned
monsters on the other hand charge toward
the school to kill stein monsters of
various shapes and sizes manage to break
through the entrance while this is
happening champ sees his crush about to
be attacked by the wolf man champ gets
over his cowardice holding the wolf man
off after managing to fight the wolfman
off his crush hugs and then kisses him
meanwhile stein gets attacked by slappy
just as he is about to finish breaking
his fingers in the process after hearing
an announcement to evacuate the storage
room stein zach hannah run to get there
but not before encountering monsters
giant plans they managed to fight them
off however champ sees that hannah is a
ghost but zack tells him he doesn't care
the students manage to reach the storage
room while panic ensues stein is the
idea to sacrifice himself because he is
the monster's target however zack also
has an idea afterward stein gets to a
school bus and drives away luring the
monsters away from the school the mantis
catches the bus flipping it to its side
however the bus is actually just a decoy
an explosive one stein is actually
driving another bus with the kids seeing
the explosion they celebrate because the
plan worked
they eventually stopped by the abandoned
amusement park with stein's fingers
broken he dictates the remaining story
to zack they decide to do it inside the
fun house meanwhile the monsters return
to life after the explosion while the
wolf man is being instructed by slappy
to follow stein's scent
while writing the remaining story in the
fun house as dictated by stein slappy
appears out of nowhere sloppy goes in
the monologue about how stein neglected
him within the pages of a book slappy
then releases a monster he's been saving
the blob that ate everyone
they then head to the ferry's wheel
stein instructs zach to finish the
manuscript while he holds the blob off
shortly after the blob captures stein
after noticing that the manuscript is
not in stein's hands the monster
converged to the ferry's wheel just then
zack finishes the book however the
mantis knocks the ferris wheel off its
stand
making it roll with the kids inside
finally the wheel gets stuck in between
two trees
hannah didn't tell zach that he needs to
open the book because all the monsters
are fast approaching
zach realizes that all monsters mean
that hannah will be gone as well so he
tries to explain what will happen to
hannah hannah however already knows that
she was a monster a long time ago
as monsters approach them zach hesitates
to do it but hannah opens the book the
monsters get sucked inside the book with
zack holding hannah so she wouldn't get
sucked in however zack must let go and
hannah kisses him for the first and last
time before disappearing into the book
in the next scene students flock to the
school as everything seems to be back to
normal gail delivers zac again to school
but zack wants to go in with his mom
this time meanwhile stein enters the
class with his girlfriend lorraine stein
is now an english teacher
while walking away stein reveals that he
has written another book thus returning
his daughter hannah the film ends with
stein seeing his typewriter being used
by the invisible boy thank you so much
for watching if you enjoyed this video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this see you in the next video